README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

first commit and login api working

README.md, after:

# Simple Developer Exercise 

The savvy cats over at SMART Pump would like to be able to allow users to login to their account, check their balance and update their personal details. Write a simple web application (API and UI) using node.js and lowdb that lets users accomplish those tasks. 

Feel free to use any other libraries or tool chains as long as the core code is javascript and node.js. npm (https://www.npmjs.org) is your friend - no need to recreate the wheel. 

You will find the base data file in `/data`

Wireframes: `assets/wireframes.png`

## Time limits

This exercise is meant showcase your creativity and talent in problem solving against a real world scenario. To that end it should not consume your every waking moment. We recommend at max spending 3 evenings of time on the exercise. 

## Requirements

* Login to the app via email and password
* Restrict access to valid a User
* Once logged in show the details of the user on the page
* Authorized users can check their account balance
* Allow the user to change their details
* lowdb (DB) -> https://github.com/typicode/lowdb
* node.js -> http://nodejs.org/ 

## Bonus Points

* Fully responsive UI
* Unit Tests of the API
* Functional Tests of the UI
